1385114404
CreateMircoposts	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/db/migrate/20131122045107_create_mircoposts.rb	class CreateMircoposts 
CreateUsers	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/db/migrate/20131120215858_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
Mircopost	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/models/mircopost.rb	class Mircopost 
MircopostTest	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/test/models/mircopost_test.rb	class MircopostTest 
MircopostsController	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/controllers/mircoposts_controller.rb	class MircopostsController 
MircopostsControllerTest	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/test/controllers/mircoposts_controller_test.rb	class MircopostsControllerTest 
MircopostsHelper	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/helpers/mircoposts_helper.rb	module MircopostsHelper
MircopostsHelperTest	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/test/helpers/mircoposts_helper_test.rb	class MircopostsHelperTest 
User	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserTest	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/test/models/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
UsersController	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
UsersControllerTest	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/test/controllers/users_controller_test.rb	class UsersControllerTest 
UsersHelper	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/helpers/users_helper.rb	module UsersHelper
UsersHelperTest	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/test/helpers/users_helper_test.rb	class UsersHelperTest 
change	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/db/migrate/20131120215858_create_users.rb	  def change
change	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/db/migrate/20131122045107_create_mircoposts.rb	  def change
create	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
create	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/controllers/mircoposts_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/controllers/mircoposts_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/controllers/mircoposts_controller.rb	  def edit
index	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
index	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/controllers/mircoposts_controller.rb	  def index
mircopost_params	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/controllers/mircoposts_controller.rb	    def mircopost_params
new	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
new	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/controllers/mircoposts_controller.rb	  def new
set_mircopost	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/controllers/mircoposts_controller.rb	    def set_mircopost
set_user	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	    def set_user
show	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
show	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/controllers/mircoposts_controller.rb	  def show
update	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
update	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/controllers/mircoposts_controller.rb	  def update
user_params	C:/Sites/coding_projects/tutorial/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	    def user_params
